Doc(next): Update documentation for handling App router part (#9513)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/NextJs.md

```

A prompt will asks you some questions, feel free to choose answers according to your needs. 

> This tutorial assumes you're using an `src` folder, so answer 'Yes' to the 5th question. As for the App Router, you can choose to use it or not, this tutorial will explain how to use both. (For new applications, Next.js recommends using the App Router.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial assumes you're using a `src` folder, so answer `Yes` to the 5th question. As for the App Router, you can choose to use it or not, this tutorial will explain how to use both. (For new applications, Next.js recommends using the App Router).
```

```bash
cd next-admin
npm install react-admin ra-data-json-server
```

**Tips**: If you prefer yarn, you could create the project with `npx create-next-app@latest --use-yarn` and add the dependencies with `yarn add react-admin ra-data-json-server`.

## Creating The Admin App Component

Next, create a `components` directory inside `src`, and an admin App component in `src/components/AdminApp.tsx`:

```jsx
// in src/components/AdminApp.tsx

> "use client"; // remove it if you choose Pages Router

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"use client"; // remove this line if you choose Pages Router
```

This is a minimal configuration to render CRUD pages for users, posts and comments. React-admin will guess the fields to display in the list and edition pages based on the API response. 

> **Tips**: If you choose Pages Router, do not forget to remove [the `"use client"` directive](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started/react-essentials#the-use-client-directive).

Reviewer 3: Do we need this tip? If they use the Pages router, the `"use client"` directive does nothing.

SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE="MY_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY"
```

> **Tip**: This example uses the **service role key** here and not the anonymous role. This allows mutations without dealing with authorization (You may have to modify the safety policies.). **You shouldn't do this in production**, but use the [Supabase authorization](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth) feature instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip**: This example uses the **service role key** here and not the anonymous role. This allows mutations without dealing with authorization (You may have to modify the safety policies). **You shouldn't do this in production**, but use the [Supabase authorization](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/auth) feature instead.
```

Create [a "catch-all" API route](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes#catch-all-segmentss) in the Next.js app by adding a new file at the following location:

- App Router: `src/app/api/admin/[...slug]/route.ts`
- Pages Router: `src/pages/api/admin/[[...slug]].ts`

/!\ The file name is important: it must be `route.ts` in the App Router and `[[...slug]].ts` in the Pages Router.

From this point on, the logic for handling is different depending on the router.

### App Router

> For more information about routes handler with the App Router, see [the official documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/routing/route-handlers).

Reviewer 3: I'd put this comment after the code snippet

```tsx

> // In src/app/api/admin/[...slug]/route.ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// in src/app/api/admin/[...slug]/route.ts
```

    const requestUrl = request.url.split('/api/admin')[1];

    // build the CRUD request based on the incoming request
    const url = `${process.env.SUPABASE_URL}/rest/v1/${requestUrl}`;

    const options: RequestInit = {
        method: request.method,
        headers: {
            prefer: (request.headers.get('prefer') as string) ?? '',
            accept: request.headers.get('accept') ?? 'application/json',
            ['content-type']:
                request.headers.get('content-type') ?? 'application/json',
            // supabase authentication
            apiKey: process.env.SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE ?? '',
        },
    };

    if (request.body) {
        const body = await request.json();
        options.body = JSON.stringify(body);
    }

    // call the CRUD API
    const response = await fetch(url, options);

    const contentRange = response.headers.get('content-range');

    const headers = new Headers();
    if (contentRange) {
        headers.set('Content-Range', contentRange);
    }
    const data = await response.text();
    return new Response(data, {
        status: 200,
        headers,
    });
}
```

### Pages Router

> For more information about routes handler with the Pages Router, see [the official documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/api-routes#optional-catch-all-api-routes).

Reviewer 3: I'd put this comment after the code snippet

This API route redirects all calls from the react-admin app to the Supabase CRUD API:

```tsx

> // In src/pages/api/admin/[[...slug]].ts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// in src/pages/api/admin/[[...slug]].ts
```

**Tip**: Some of this code is really PostgREST-specific. The `prefer` header is required to let PostgREST return one record instead of an array containing one record in response to `getOne` requests. The `Content-Range` header is returned by PostgREST and must be passed down to the client. A proxy for another CRUD API will require different parameters.

> ### Dataprovider

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Data Provider
```

Finally, update the react-admin data provider to use the Supabase adapter instead of the JSON Server one. As Supabase provides a PostgREST endpoint, we'll use [`ra-data-postgrest`](https://github.com/raphiniert-com/ra-data-postgrest):

```sh

> npm install @raphiniert/ra-data-postgrest // or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install @raphiniert/ra-data-postgrest 
# or
```
